1289870708
AddEmailUniquenessIndex	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101116005217_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	class AddEmailUniquenessIndex 
Application	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
CreateUsers	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101115225626_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
PagesController	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesHelper	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
SampleApp	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/config/application.rb	module SampleApp
User	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersHelper	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
about	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def about
contact	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def contact
down	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101115225626_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101116005217_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	  def self.down
help	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def help
home	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def home
logo	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def logo
new	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
title	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title
up	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101115225626_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/mrchess/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101116005217_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	  def self.up
